c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe.config
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.pdb
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.g.resources
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.exe
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.pdb
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\даня\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\weather\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\bin\Debug\weather.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.g.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\bin\Debug\weather.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\bin\Debug\weather.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.g.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\weather\weather - копия (3)\weather\obj\Debug\weather.pdb
